[Music]
hey guys this time I have some awesome
toys to show you six in total in fact
all different characters these are the
puppets eyes from our friends at I'll go
boil toys you can find them at hog-wild
toys dot-com the link will be in the
description below as always guys so go
click that go to their website and see
what awesomeness these guys do you can
also buy your very own puppet eyes from
there as well and they do have a huge
range of different characters these are
just a few of the characters you can get
from Royal toys but let's bring each one
of these in for a closer look now first
we have our shark Papa how awesome is
the shark he looks so cool and each of
the phone balls included in this can
shoot up to 20 feet but how do you
squeeze them the further the balls will
shoot and these are powered by air the
air is squeezed through the toy and will
shoot the ball out will you get six
softer foam balls included and we also
get a carry net as well to keep your
balls in there so they are ready to
shoot at a moment's notice that you can
see how to operate as easy as load and
squeeze that's all you need to do to
unlock the awesomeness with each of
these toys our next popper is the dog
popper how kids is this guy such a
comical expression on that face there so
there you go there is our dog and here
we have the pig popper probably my most
favorite of all 6 characters I have here
to show you the pig looks awesome a very
bright as well also comes with these
very bright green of foam balls next up
we have the Dino popper I'm sure a lot
of the boys out there will really
appreciate this one next we have the
penguin popper waddling along and the
looking of very cute as well another
awesome a character and lastly we have
the Moo pop-up
probably my second-favorite he looks
awesome so there you go there is a new
Papa and here they all are outs of the
packaging with the phone balls and you
can see we get these awesome bags
included and they even have a drawstring
on the top and these are so handy for
carrying those phone popper balls around
with you and you can just open it up on
the top when you are ready and take one
out and you are ready for action and as
you can see most of these figures come
with the black bag we do get a white bag
with the Dino and we do get the
different colored popper balls as well
so here is the penguin popper a little
closer up and to use these poppers all
you need to do is squeeze them and fire
here is the shark with his big fearsome
teeth here is the extremely comical
locking the dog papa he result being a
bad Dino papa
how cool is that here is my favorite the
peanut popper he looks awesome and
lastly we have our mood popper let's
give him a spin so let's see what these
things can do it's time for a popper
fight
so there you go going to the puppets
always there are six of the characters
you can get but there are more
characters that you can collect and to
find out more about this toy and those
other characters you can go to i'll get
wild toys and dot-com the link i said
before guys is down here in the
description click that link go to the
website and check these awesome and goes
out at hog wild toys calm well as always
thanks for tuning in to this puppet our
review and i will see you here next time
on toy review TV
[Music]